Update: Tutorials Generate Dynamic OG Images Using Workers - Replaced Bun with Npm (#19854)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/tutorials/generate-dynamic-og-images-using-workers/index.mdx

Here is how the process flows:

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[User Request] -->|URL Parameters| B[Cloudflare Worker]
    B --> C[Process Content]
    C --> D[Load Fonts]
    D --> E[Generate Image]
    E --> F[Cache and Respond]
```

### Key benefits

- **Edge computing**: Generates images at the edge using Cloudflare Workers
- **Modern rendering**: Utilizes Vercel's Satori library for high-quality image generation
- **Flexible styling**: Supports both Tailwind CSS and inline styles
- **Font versatility**: Multiple font loading strategies for different use cases
- **Performance optimized**: Built-in caching and optimization
- **Customizable**: Easy to extend with new styles and font configurations
- **Developer friendly**: TypeScript support and modular architecture

## Before you begin

<Render file="prereqs" product="workers" />

1. Install [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en) on your machine.

You should also have:

- Basic familiarity with TypeScript and React.
- A text editor or IDE of your choice.

## 1. Set up your development environment

Create a new Cloudflare Workers project using the Hono framework:

<PackageManagers
	type="create"
	pkg="cloudflare@latest"

> 	args="og-image-generator --template cloudflare-workers --pm npm"

Author: Thank you

- Loads images from your Worker's assets
- Automatically detects image content type
- Converts images to base64 for use in OG images
- Provides fallback handling if image loading fails

Use it in your templates like this:

```typescript
const logoImage = await loadImage(c, "/images/your-logo.png");
```

:::note
Make sure your images are stored in the `public/images` directory and referenced with paths starting with `/images/`.
:::

## 6. Implement the OG image generator

Create the main image generation handler:

```typescript title="src/og.tsx"
import { Hono } from "hono";

import { ImageResponse } from "@cloudflare/pages-plugin-vercel-og/api";

const app = new Hono();

export default app.get("/", async (c) => {
	const { mainText, description, footerText } = c.req.query(); // Implementation details
});
```

## 7. Add visual styles

The OG image generator includes four distinct styles that can be selected via the `style` query parameter. The style selection is handled through a simple query parameter in the URL:

```typescript
style = 1; // Default professional style
style = 2; // Eco-tech theme
style = 3; // Corporate brand style
style = 4; // GitHub profile style
```

> If no style parameter is provided or an invalid value is used, the generator defaults to Style 1. Here's how to use each style:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no style parameter is provided or an invalid value is used, the generator defaults to Style 1. Here is how to use each style:
```

### Style 1: Professional (Default)

![Style 1 Preview](~/assets/images/workers/tutorials/dynamic-og-images/style-1.png)

```txt
/og?style=1&mainText=Building%20the%20Future&description=Modern%20web%20development
```

Features:

- Blue gradient background
- Frosted glass card effect
- Perfect for blog posts and articles

### Style 2: Eco-Tech

![Style 2 Preview](~/assets/images/workers/tutorials/dynamic-og-images/style-2.png)

```txt
/og?style=2&mainText=Green%20Summit&description=Sustainable%20Innovation
```

Features:

- Green gradient theme
- Semi-transparent overlay
- Ideal for environmental or sustainability content

### Style 3: Corporate

![Style 3 Preview](~/assets/images/workers/tutorials/dynamic-og-images/style-3.png)

```txt

> /og?style=3&mainText=Company%20Update&description=Q4%20Results

Reviewer 2: The example request does not include `footerText`, but it's required in the API. Either make `footerText` optional in the implementation or update the example to include it.

```

Features:

- Warm gradient background
- Logo integration
- Professional corporate layout

### Style 4: GitHub Profile

![Style 4 Preview](~/assets/images/workers/tutorials/dynamic-og-images/style-4.png)

```txt
/og?style=4
```

Features:

- Minimal design
- GitHub avatar integration
- Perfect for developer profiles

> :::tip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
```
Not 100% sure we support `tip`, will find out and edit

You can combine any style with other parameters like `mainText`, `description`, and `footerText` to customize the output further.
:::

The style selection is implemented using a ternary chain in the code:

```typescript title="src/index.ts"
const SocialCardTemplate =
	c.req.query("style") === "2"
		? Style2()
		: c.req.query("style") === "3"
			? Style3()
			: c.req.query("style") === "4"
				? Style4()
				: Style1();
```

> This implementation allows for easy addition of new styles in the future by simply adding new conditions to the chain and corresponding style components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This implementation allows you to easily add new styles in the future, by simply adding new conditions to the chain and corresponding style components.
```

```typescript title="src/og.tsx"
function Style1() {
  return (
    <div tw="flex flex-col w-full h-full p-12 bg-gradient-to-br from-blue-900 to-indigo-700">
      {/* Style implementation */}
    </div>
  );
}
```

## 8. Configure caching

Enable caching to:

- Reduce computation costs
- Improve response times
- Decrease origin server load
- Provide consistent performance

> Here's how to implement caching with customizable durations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement caching with customizable durations:
```

```typescript title="src/index.ts"
import { Hono } from "hono";
import { cache } from "hono/cache";

const app = new Hono()
	.use(
		"*",
		cache({
			cacheName: async (c) => {
				const url = new URL(c.req.url);
				return `${c.req.method} ${url.pathname}${url.searchParams}`;
			},
			cacheControl: "max-age=86400",
		}),
	)
	.route("og", og);
```

:::caution
Make sure to configure appropriate cache durations based on your application's needs. The example uses a 24-hour cache duration.
:::

> ## Set up TypeScript type definitions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 9. Set up TypeScript type definitions
```
Should this be step 9?

> Let's create our type definitions to ensure smooth TypeScript integration. Create a new file `src/type.d.ts`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create type definitions to ensure smooth TypeScript integration. Create a new file `src/type.d.ts`:
```

```typescript title="src/type.d.ts"
interface CacheStorage {
	default: Cache;
}

declare module "@cloudflare/pages-plugin-vercel-og/api" {
	import { ImageResponse as VercelImageResponse } from "@vercel/og";
	export declare class ImageResponse extends Response {
		constructor(...args: ConstructorParameters<typeof VercelImageResponse>);
	}
}

declare module "*.woff2" {
	const content: ArrayBuffer;
	export default content;
}

declare module "*.woff" {
	const content: ArrayBuffer;
	export default content;
}

declare module "*.ttf" {
	const content: ArrayBuffer;
	export default content;
}
```

These type definitions are crucial for our project because they:

- Enable TypeScript to understand Cloudflare's cache storage
- Add proper typing for the Vercel OG image response
- Allow direct importing of font files (`.woff2`, `.woff`, `.ttf`)

With these definitions in place, you will get full TypeScript support and autocompletion throughout your project. This makes development smoother and helps catch potential issues early.

> ## 9. Deploy your Worker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 10. Deploy your Worker
```

Deploy the application to Cloudflare Workers:

```bash
npm run deploy
```

## Usage examples

Generate OG images by making `GET` requests:

> ```txt

Reviewer 2: The example request does not include `footerText`, but it's required in the API. Either make `footerText` optional in the implementation or update the example to include it.

Create a new file for handling different font loading methods:

```typescript title="src/getFonts.ts"
// Example of Google Fonts loading strategy
export async function googleFont(
	text: string,
	font: string,
	weight: Weight = 400,
	style: Style = "normal",
): Promise<{ data: ArrayBuffer; name: string; style: Style; weight: Weight }> {
	const fontFamilyFetchName = font.replace(/ /g, "+");
	const API = `https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=${fontFamilyFetchName}:ital,wght@${
		style === "italic" ? "1" : "0"
	},${weight}&text=${encodeURIComponent(text)}`;

	// Fetch the CSS containing the font URL
	const css = await (
		await fetch(API, {
			headers: {
				"User-Agent": "Mozilla/5.0 ...", // User agent string
			},
		})
	).text();

	// Extract the font file URL from the CSS
	const resource = css.match(
		/src: url\((.+)\) format\('(opentype|truetype)'\)/,
	);
	if (!resource) {
		throw new Error("Failed to fetch font");
	}

	// Fetch and return the actual font data
	const res = await fetch(resource[1]);
	const data = await res.arrayBuffer();

	return { data, name: font, style, weight };
}

> // ... other font loading strategies available in the full source code

Reviewer 3: Any code required to create a fully functional app should be visible in the tutorial. If there are code blocks that are optional to finish the app you can include them in the tutorial under a dropdown, but otherwise should be displayed in a code block up front.
